---
layout: post
title: "5.Project Ideas"
---

The project pursues to give consumers health benefits by offering help to correct bad habits. The IoT service, which based on the raspberry pie, will be used for the tool. The service is designed to provide indirect help to people with health problems due to their bad habits of sleeping late. Creating cheap power breakers, that using Raspberry Pi, which can be remotely controlled by applications, it forcibly cut power to block the use of electronic devices that disturb sleep.

Recently, a growing number of nocturnal humans are called the night owls. However, the lifestyle which wakes up late and sleeps late is fatal to health. Night owls are 10% more likely to die than morning humans. (Amanda MacMillan, 2018) Automatic circuit breakers, which using IoT technology, possible to provide indirect help to correct the tendencies of these owls. The raspberry pie contributes greatly to providing this service at reasonable prices. As a result, it provides health benefits to consumers by positively changing people's living patterns at lower prices.

Just as people who struggle to quit smoking or alcoholism yet need help from others because it is too difficult to solve on their own, people with late sleeping habits also need help. Sharing bad habits and trying to solve them together is easier than solving them alone because they inspire each other. (How to Break a Bad Habit and Replace It With a Good One. N.d)  This service automatically shuts off the electricity to give users a change in their lifestyle by physically blocking the environment that can interfere with sleep, such as lights, computers, televisions and Wi-Fi routers. The service will be operated in association with both apps and circuit breakers, which based on raspberry pies. First, the user installs a power breaker at home that combines the technology of the IoT based on the raspberry pie, then downloads a dedicated app to receive information about the structure and flow of electricity inside the house. After that, users can select a room to shut down the electricity and set the power block time according to their situation. When the set time has come, the app acts as a remote controller and automatically shutting down the power of the designated location. Electricity is then allowed again at the specified time. If the user attempts to forcibly re-energize power during the shutdown, a warning has appeared and sent a message that advising the user to finish the day early. One of the major problems is that this aggressive method of forcibly cutting off electricity may antagonize users as they might feel they are being violated the privacy. To prevent this reaction, the device informs the user at a 30-minute interval two hours before power is lost. It is also recommended to shut down the machine in advance as a sudden shutdown may cause damage to the machine. However, this service has a definite limitation because it is a supplementary service. It cannot directly fix their bad habits because people can ignore warnings and restore electricity power at any time. 

The project demands both special hardware and software. A circuit breaker is one of the required tools, that is developed based on a raspberry pie, can collect information about electrical circuits as well as electricity, and it enables connection with the Internet to deliver the collected information and be controlled by remote controller. On the software side, a smartphone application that based on the Bluetooth Terminal Emulator is required, which is not required an internet connection with raspberry devices to remote it. Analyzes and displays information from circuit breakers besides sets the time to automatically operate the breakers as well as sends messages, warnings, and notifications to users.

To sum up, if the project is completed, it can help people sleep, which is the most important part of their health, to stop suffered from several diseases at a low price. If the project remains remarkable results, it may bring a new wind to the market. Once consumers confirm that they can take benefits a lot from simply changing their habits, their market needs will no longer be expensive health supplements or exercise equipment, rather than aids that armed with affordable cost. Companies will be very sensitive to this change and would provide similar services. Furthermore, in the course of development, the project will remain as a prime example, it leads to allowing the popularity of IT products to rise and enables further innovation in IT to be expected.


